Boundary Docs - Added security rationale for session management. (#2463)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v0.21.x/content/docs/domain-model/sessions.mdx

Permissions are only evaluated at session establishment.
Changes to a user's permissions do not effect existing sessions.

> **Security Rationale:**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Security rationale  
```

Reviewer: I think this would have better visibility if we make it a level 3 heading instead of just making it bold.

> Ending all active sessions when controllers are down makes sure that no one keeps access without proper checks. This protects against unauthorized access if the system that manages permissions goes offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ending all active sessions when controllers are down ensures that no user retains access without proper checks. This approach protects against unauthorized access if the system that manages permissions goes offline.

If a worker cannot connect to the controller, it cannot determine if an active session was canceled.
```

Reviewer: Suggested edits:

- "ensures" for consiceness
- "user retains" is more specific/descriptive
- added "approach" to make sure readers know what "this" refers to

Added the following sentence from a suggestion by Krishnan:

> If a worker cannot connect to the controller, it cannot determine if an active session was canceled.
